This trash is a hero
So what's going on?
Jie Shao, this kid wants to ban me
It didn't work out.
It's all on you
I curse you for not having a wedding
Dare to come to my wedding to make trouble, right?
I think it's young people today.
Liu Zhen
Here you go.
Okay, Mr. Jie
Leave it to me.
Liu, how dare you hit me?
I not only beat you, I also crippled you
Somebody drag this crap out of here
Break his legs
As expected of Master Jie
Really bold
Not Xiaoxue
Mr. Jie is already married
Forget it.
I see you and that Wan Jiaqi
Isn't that just the surname Wan? Don't mention him to me
He's as disgusting as a jumping clown
What is the identity of Mr. Jie?
He can't compare
Sister-in-law, who do you think you have offended?
You must offend Mr. Jie
Sorry.
We're done for today
Look who dares to move